README.md, before:

# webcamKnn

Base project for using the webcam and running the results through mobileNet, and the results of that through a KNN to allow for arbitrary classes to be discovered based off a small example set.

# Future work

This is the base for the class project there/not there, and light/dark sensor.

# How to use

Clone the repo, and run `basicFlaskApp.py`
after this go to localhost:5000 and you should get a prompt for using your webcam.

## Base of this project

This is heavily based off of the teachable machine Google tool, however simplified for easy addition to personal projects.


## TODO

- [ ] Fix the load button
- [ ] Fix the save button
  - both of these buttons need to have all three classifiers so they can properly read and write the data from/to file

## Done

- [x] Add another KNN with a different set of classes
- [x] Add a third KNN with the input being the two previous KNN's
  - This will be the base for the overall solution
- [x] Migrate application to a flask service
  - This will allow us to serve the application on something like heroku easily in the future
- [x] Create a better way to index the labels and text
  - Potentially use a loop over some variables

Commit message:

Adding information about the path request args

README.md, after:

# webcamKnn

Base project for using the webcam and running the results through mobileNet, and the results of that through a KNN to allow for arbitrary classes to be discovered based off a small example set.

# Future work

This is the base for the class project there/not there, and light/dark sensor.

# How to use

Clone the repo, and run `basicFlaskApp.py`
after this go to `localhost:5000` and you should get a prompt for using your webcam.

For extra customization you can add some path arguments example

`http://localhost:5000/?numOfClassOne=2&numOfClassTwo=5&numOfClassThree=3`

`http://localhost:5000/?numOfClassTwo=2`

## Base of this project

This is heavily based off of the teachable machine Google tool, however simplified for easy addition to personal projects.


## TODO

- [ ] Fix the load button
- [ ] Fix the save button
  - both of these buttons need to have all three classifiers so they can properly read and write the data from/to file

## Done

- [x] Add another KNN with a different set of classes
- [x] Add a third KNN with the input being the two previous KNN's
  - This will be the base for the overall solution
- [x] Migrate application to a flask service
  - This will allow us to serve the application on something like heroku easily in the future
- [x] Create a better way to index the labels and text
  - Potentially use a loop over some variables
